all right so here's the deal for
traveling the walls together for the
past two years and as much as we love it
paying for plane tickets anytime we go
anywhere really has them but a few weeks
ago we met Mullins a youtuber who
happens to be a flight attendant and he
told us he had a method to fly anywhere
for free most plans to take all of us
along for free on our next trip sounded
a little too ambitious but then he broke
it down for us the first thing to
understand is that flights aren't always
full either not all the seats are booked
or some people missed their flights and
if you're a quite attendant or traveling
with one you can ask to be put on
standby meaning that if they're still
spaced on the plane right as it's about
to leave you can hop on but there's a
catch you have no guarantee that you can
keep the seat until the plane is in the
air so if an earlier flight somehow gets
cancelled passengers will be transferred
and you're out although it's the
cheapest way to travel it's also the
riskiest our friend from olives TV is
one of the only flight attendants in the
world to be able to vlog this process
his concept is simple every once in a
while he shows up at the airport live
streams off Instagram that's the
audience vote to wherever we want him to
go he calls this series mystery flights
and we've had some fun sending him
around the country so since we had
already planned to visit Waco Texas that
Friday just film another video with our
friends to do stuff like this
[Music]
and we haven't booked any of our flights
yet we decided to give this experiment a
shot and brought in malas along with us
there would be seven of us traveling on
standby potentially losing our seat in
any moment so the challenge was not only
to get all of us at Texas by Friday but
also to make it home to LA by Sunday
slide 520 m- one seats and ten standby
now we're not going we're not going to
go no standby once you can stand by when
you find out I know tomorrow we have
enough like hours of events minutes I
only am satisfied that I'm getting on a
flight when I'm in the air like and I'm
like I'm going to go back to the day you
know there can be like a cancellation so
much can happen always figure it out
like you never liked it a man that I've
actually never done seven people stand
by for the chance of us all ending up on
the same flight are like 0 o 0 for sure
oh yes back no of course not is one that
has 12 people F in G on sandbags and
that'll get you to El Paso Texas oh so
then you'd have to go worst case
scenario we go tomorrow night into
Austin dirty something open seats no
standby so we'd get there like one and
then we'd have to drive like an hour and
half so get there
yeah but that's worst-case scenario it's
not to better worst case today this is
hell or high water right here this is
the last flight of the night mm-hm
so we don't go if we miss this that's
what I'm a class buy these tickets or
one of these flights before it gets
canceled I didn't think about that
option yes feel a little uncomfortable
okay yeah tomorrow night it is bliss
8:30 p.m.
arriving in Austin Texas at 1:30 a.m.
then driving an hour and a half to the
middle of nowhere Texas I'm never on
standby with this many people so hey
what are you doing / is coming
intimidate like this you should bring
all your ski equipment to it just in
case what actually they look what the
cold night I don't even do swear yeah
alright we're finally going to the
airport so this is the last fight of the
night so don't make this
[Music]
so what do you mean and we got to check
in Superman so I'm gonna step on it
right I have arrived it seems like I'm
walking and kind of am like why it's
just like are we going to make it on the
site or either way what's important is
that we're together I want to go to
Texas I like that that's not going to be
a security vacuum instigator security
this means absolutely nothing it's a
piece of paper so funny that these
aren't even tickets they're just
security presence yes real that is funny
that's a real area this I'm dying
dude cool funny hahahaha there's a view
oh the baby food anymore oh there's a
little Karl where it Karl part yeah haha
my first name is Carl I'm three person
name's ryan thomas is one of them I'll
pick whichever I want
security patro like having a VIP pad
not really so this is actually would
explain why it's Carl since we didn't
you have several first names and your
last first name is your real name
so does anybody listening help Carl was
this one a moment where you do put sad
music in my face right past security you
can find out if Rex you're going to get
on the flight or if we're gonna walk
home sad and lonely Oh Gary shoulders
walkers good lined up and something for
your a behind us this may open sea
policy we / seats so what's going to be
ever afford to take any available seat
like we just play the lottery and work
seven plays and the chances of this
actually happening and all of us getting
on the safe flight we're so slim last
night it was the chance of us all ending
up on the same flight more like 0 o 0
for sure 0 the vision the way back is
going to be about the ending we don't
know
[Music]
I'm princess Thomas
this is your final destination we go out
for the last be kind to one another and
may the force be with you welcome to one
all right so we just got the car two
a.m. and we are going to head to Waco
Texas to meet up with our friends
it's an hour and half way so hopefully
we don't crash unless you the footage in
which is you did crash and we love you
thanks so much for supporting us where's
ol Austin like for thirty hours and yeah
back to the Italian oh my god dude
Thomas is literally going thing yep Oh
[Music]
all right we just got to the airport and
they're in a method arguing about
filming each other and part of the
groove alright enough of that we're
ready to do this again
go let the hunger games begin
Carl Carl mistake of the system looks
with it
are you are you can go fly so how much
is a lot so late right now we got to go
we got to go we got a tent over what
number one check yeah I'll have to get
the other flight in Vegas what's it like
if you ever touch the flag at City Hall
but don't even look at
[Music]
happy Father's Day and welcome to Las
Vegas we just landed in Vegas now this
is the last attempt to get to Los
Angeles we're going to try and get an
earlier flight the plans and hopefully
they get to LAX by tonight they're too
tired so I'm aching so much she just
needs to get back home and we have to
make it for there all right guys we have
roommates don't have our back we're know
it's ticking mind it's all big did we
have other friends in LA we'll head them
up I'm sure someone will come through
safe buddy if you love you buddy come
here no guilt trip barrier over we added
three flights that we wanted to get on a
mate guys come on guys Greg's mother out
is a breakdown our uber Excel has
arrived for Oscar in the back take your
own 53 minutes so buckle operation we
economic engine we enter hero dynamic so
we're logging in the back hahahahaha
would be really good if you lead to me
seat like a lot let me have some
they're really confident there so they
can really have your sign-in and my
regard I guess of three things one thank
you for watching
to please remember to subscribe to Aaron
Mullins we're going to leave this link
in the description he's an amazing
channel and you definitely check him out
he helps us out so much with this
episode and the third thing is very very
exciting so hear me out please stay on
for two seconds a lot of people have
been asking us to do vlogs and we
considered it we've talked about it for
months and we decided against it but I
think we came up with something better
so we pride ourselves on posting quality
over quantity and that's why instead of
posting vlogs we're going to be posting
a newsletter it's probably not going to
be daily at least to start out but it's
going to be really cool and you guys are
going to love it there's so much stuff
that happens behind the scenes that we
never get to show you guys that we could
put in like a simple paragraph in the
newsletter along with a ton of other
cool stuff like things we've learned as
creators and as entrepreneurs stuff that
we're listening to for reading just
little snippets that can help you out
too so Darren and I Darren filming so
there are the ones working on this
newsletter and we're going to start
posting really soon so if you're
interested the link is in the
description but it's pretty much yes
very calm if you go there you'll be able
to sign up and still in your email so
hopefully you'll be reading our content
online as well as watching these videos
and once again thank you so much for
being part of the SDA family we love you
see on Sunday clap it
[Music]